So we have covered a lot in relation to databases and database utilities on AWS.
So let's quickly take a look back and review what we've covered.
First, we reviewed the cloud computing models for databases on AWS.
We talked about how the concept of Infrastructure as a Service,
Platform as a Service,
and Software as a Service play out through the different
database services that are available.
We also introduced the Relational Database Service, or RDS.
And we talked about Amazon Aurora,
which is one of the specialty made engines for RDS that
was built by Amazon for the cloud.
We then introduced the DynamoDB service.
We talked about how it is a completely managed NoSQL database,
and we talked about some of the unique capabilities that it provides.
Then, we reviewed the ElastiCache service,
as well as looking at data warehousing on AWS with Redshift.
Now,
let's go back and take a look at the three scenarios that
we introduced in the previous clip.
So first of all, we had Jennifer,
and she is an IT executive at a financial services company and
she has a need for a data warehouse in AWS.
So, what approach would you recommend?
Well in this case, the answer is going to be Amazon Redshift.
This is the born‑in‑the‑cloud data warehousing solution from AWS.
So if somebody asks you, what do you recommend for data warehousing on AWS,
Redshift is going to be the best answer.
And in addition,
we need to look here and see that it is dealing with petabytes of data.
Now, if we were talking about something like exabytes of data,
Redshift Spectrum might be an ideal option to consider.
Now, next we have Sam, and Sam was looking to launch a
MySQL database for a new web application.
So what approach would you recommend for Sam's company?
Well, let me be honest with you.
This is a bit of a tricky question.
You might look at this and say, well,
I know that MySQL is supported within RDS, so Sam should
choose RDS, but here's the problem.
Sam says that he needs to have direct access to the
virtual server that MySQL is running on.
So if he wants to manage that server directly, RDS
can't be the solution for him.
So in this case,
we would be recommending EC2, and we would recommend this because he
is wanting an Infrastructure as a Service option,
which is going to be taking MySQL and installing it onto an EC2 server.
Now, if Sam didn't need to manage the underlying infrastructure,
we would certainly push him towards RDS because many aspects
of the platform would be managed for him.
Now next, let's talk about Frank, and Frank needed a low
latency database that could scale to handle up to a million
users of the new game they're building.
So, which AWS approach would you recommend for Frank?
Well in this case, DynamoDB is going to be a great choice.
It can absolutely handle this level of scale,
and it can also handle the low latency requirement, so many gaming companies have adopted DynamoDB for requirements just like this.